CLASS A VS CLASS B
Class A and Class B of U.A. High
are in a joint training battle.
In the fourth battle,
Class A displayed great teamwork
with Kacchan as their main force
and secured an overwhelming victory.
All right! It's the fifth battle!
This is the last round.
Are you ready?
Never let your guard down! All the best!
Start!
It's No. 1541.
He's on the move again.
It's happened so many times
since yesterday.
I hope the verdict and execution
can be done as soon as possible.
At this rate, we won't be able to keep up.
It's not like,
"One murder makes a villain."
"Millions a hero."
Is that a line from Chaplin's movie?
It just happened recently.
Gigantomachia.
He served All For One directly.
It's not just
Shigaraki's League of Villains.
Who knows how many are sharing
the same ideal with this guy?
It's best not to provoke them for now.
Oh, my!
I'm sorry for the trouble I caused.
The nostalgia is giving me an itch.
I can hear my little brother's voice.
-You have a phone call!
-Excuse me.
-Please turn that off. Jeez.
-You have a phone call…
-Sorry, but I have to answer this call.
I appreciate you calling me so soon.
But I'm in the middle of a lesson.
-It's about Izuku Midoriya's dream.
-What?
Could you explain what it is?
GRAN TORINO
QUIRK: JET
You asked me whether Shimura said
anything about One For All's visage.
Since you asked,
it actually jogged my memory.
But it's from a time so long ago.
So don't expect too much from me.
It happened soon after
Shimura inherited One For All.
Listen to me, Gran Torino.
I had a weird dream last night.
-A dream?
-Yes.
A dark and misty guy
appeared right before me.
That guy looked at me and said,
"It's not the right time yet."
Well, that's about it.
Thank you, sir.
Excuse me,
but I'm still in the middle of a class.
I must hang up now.
"It's not the right time yet."
That means the time
will come sooner or later.
Has One For All's heir
inherited something else?
Class B has Shinso on their team.
I must not talk to him when we meet.
I'm still wary
about One For All's secrets.
I can't afford
to be brainwashed by Shinso.
Ever since I was a kid,
people have been telling me…
I could never become a superhero
with my Quirk.
HITOSHI SHINSO
QUIRK: BRAINWASH
Why are you telling us now?
I mean I know I can't do it by myself.
I won't last long
if their Quirks aren't compatible.
I do admire you.
We share quite the similarities.
I don't like that.
But that's a fact.
How did you manage to brainwash Midoriya?
How did you make him talk to you?
I didn't know what kind of person he was,
so I mocked his classmates.
Really?
In order to become a hero,
one must speak and act like one.
Otherwise, we won't be able to overcome
the power that can do anything.
Our goal will become unclear.
Have you felt this way before?
Your childhood dreams and hopes
are slowly becoming your burden
as you grow older.
It's like a curse.
The formation of Midoriya's team
is similar to Bakugo's team.
They share the same team balance.
But Jiro's role…
I was the scout of my team.
They don't have a scout.
They must be more cautious
so the enemies don't decimate them.
You have a point.
If they want to bait the enemies
to locate them,
Midoriya has to take more risk
than Bakugo did.
I need to draw their attention
and act as a decoy.
I doubt Class B can overlook my speed.
I will draw their attacks.
That should help me locate them.
Then our team can proceed
with the capturing.
They are here!
It's Yanagi's Quirk, Poltergeist!
Monoma is here!
Oh, my! You found me.
After seeing Bakugo's coordination,
we're going to just ignore you.
Being wary of a strong and agile opponent
is what normally the smart would think.
But anyone smart enough
would also think otherwise.
Bakugo did so well
because of their excellent teamwork.
This is why we should take down
the other three first.
I bet you drew our attention to locate us.
But on the other hand,
my teammates are almost
in range to attack yours.
He is provoking me.
Perhaps he already copied Shinso's Quirk.
It's three against four.
Are you sure they can hold up?
We also have Shinso on our team.
You can get into contact unnoticed.
Perhaps you should go
to your teammates now.
Wait.
What if the screaming was Shinso's voice?
Then you had already exposed
the location of your team.
This must be troubling for you.
That was cold.
You didn't bother to look
in your teammates' direction!
He is trying to locate them
with my line of sight.
I won't fall for it!
Such a nuisance.
Class B, Neito Monoma.
Hero name: Phantom Thief.
Quirk: Copy.
Once he touches the target, he can use
their Quirk freely for five minutes.
But he can't use two Quirks
at the same time.
He is using Yanagi's Quirk!
Release.
The noises just now…
It wasn't me.
Was it Shinso? He's closing in.
I would love to see his dull face
when he starts yelling for help!
Please look at us when you talk.
I got something.
Acid Veil!
It's gone.
Did they block it? Or was it a trap?
It's Yanagi's Poltergeist!
She is attacking blindly!
Class B, Reiko Yanagi.
Hero name: Emily.
Quirk: Poltergeist.
She can control objects around her,
but the maximum load
is about the weight of a person.
Class B, Yui Kodai.
Hero name: Rule.
Quirk: Size.
It's the ability to manipulate
the size of objects.
But she can't use the Quirk on creatures.
Release.
Twin Impact!
Fire!
I can roughly tell where they are heading.
Class B, Nirengeki Shoda.
Hero name: Mines.
Quirk: Twin Impact.
His Quirk allows him to strike a target
and inflict a second impact
on the point of contact.
The second impact is several times
stronger than the initial blow.
Split up. Don't let them spot you.
I am reloading the second batch.
That was scary.
Where is Midoriya?
He's supposed to be our decoy.
They might have caught our location
from the attack just now.
Where is Deku?
I talked to Shinso.
The privileged will bring
the world to ruins.
Since you're his friend, then tell me.
How can Bakugo laugh
as if nothing is happening?
He was captured by the villains.
Wasn't he the one who destroyed
our symbol of peace?
That guy looked at me and said,
"It's not the right time yet."
The right time. But when is it?
What's going on?
He has more abilities I didn't know.
This is getting annoying.
Why? What is this?
Everything was normal up until just now.
Run!
Shinso!
Shinso…
Run!
I can't…
control this power!
I can't hold it anymore!
What is that?
Deku!
What is going on? Stop it!
What is this? Stop it!
It hurts!
Why?
Midoriya has a new attack.
Aizawa! Vlad!
We should stop him now.
Something is not right.
SHOTA AIZAWA
QUIRK: ERASURE
Why?
Ever since I inherited the Quirk
from All Might,
there are too many things
I don't understand
while I was badly injured.
Stop it now!
Even so…
I finally learned to control this power!
Stop it now! One For All!
I don't want to make anyone worry again!
Deku! Calm down!
NEITO MONOMA
QUIRK: COPY
CAN COPY THE QUIRK
OF THE TARGET HE TOUCHES
OCHACO URARAKA
QUIRK: ZERO GRAVITY
REMOVES THE GRAVITY
OF ANYTHING SHE TOUCHES
My parents always looked so exhausted.
It pains me to see them so tired.
When I first witnessed
the mission of a Pro Hero…
Compared to the hero that saved the day,
I was more attracted
to the cheers of the crowd.
I liked seeing the happiness
on their faces.
In my eyes,
helping those in need is my duty.
And that duty…
could come with great risks
and challenges.
Even if I try my best,
he never stops helping those in danger,
and that inspires me.
Deku!
Who is there to protect the heroes
when they are in need?
I can't control it at all!
This isn't Deku's doing.
Shinso!
Brainwash him now!
Help me stop Deku's rampage!
She wants me to brainwash Midoriya.
But what should I say?
You defeated me on sports day.
I've been excited since then.
I want you to see how much I've grown.
I've looked forward
to meeting you in a battle.
I want to become a true hero
that saves lives with my Quirk!
Midoriya!
Fight me!
Very well!
I'm here again.
Hey, you!
You've got it wrong!
Wrong!
Didn't I tell you?
I told you that you weren't alone!
I told you the time had come.
Haven't you noticed?
However,
this power…
is not something you can control
while your mind is full of distractions.
He was one of the heirs.
You need to work harder!
If you work hard enough,
you can figure out most of the problems!
Can't you talk?
Don't mind!
I can see him very clearly.
This is more than just a blurry visage.
It's not a dream either.
This man…
These people…
Are they all living inside One For All?
What?
It seems like we're running out of time.
Hey, young man.
The power you wield right now is my Quirk.
What?
Our Quirk factors are mixed up
inside the core of this power.
They exist inside One For All's tiny core.
It's like a flickering flame.
Or you could say,
it's like a dot on the glittering water.
It's been buried under the power
you've cultivated so far.
This is its primal state.
That core is now expanding.
It's begun to move.
Like a flickering image in the crevice,
the power of One For All…
is growing.
What is going on?
Hey.
Were you trying to capture
or grab that target?
I bet that was your plan.
I wanted to capture Monoma.
The best Quirk that responds
to that thought is my Quirk, Blackwhip.
You should be grateful
I'm the first one you've ever met.
This is a wonderful Quirk.
However,
due to the accumulated power
of One For All,
this Quirk is much stronger
than when I wielded it.
Well, I'm disappearing now.
I used to float around like a specter.
That's because my consciousness
is what's left of me.
Listen closely.
If you use the power with rage,
it answers your call.
So your priority…
is to control your heart.
Having rage is a good thing.
It's the source of power.
That's all the more reason
to focus on controlling your rage.
After being held by eight users,
One For All is powerful
beyond imagination.
Listen closely, young man.
Six more Quirks will manifest
in you in the future.
Learn to master your heart.
Use these abilities as yours.
All the best, young man!
We're watching over you!
The only one who can make
One For All whole…
is you!
Deku!
Did that hurt?
Uraraka…
Stay away from me! It's too dangerous!
Don't worry.
Shinso's brainwash calmed you down.
Shinso…
Are you all right?
Uraraka, you're hurt!
My goodness! What have I done?
Gunhead Martial Arts!
The match is not over yet!
Release.
Fire!
Those rampaging black tentacles
ruined our attack plan.
-Yes.
-Nice timing!
Are you all right?
What was that just now?
I found you! Eat this!
Midoriya! Uraraka! Are you all right?
Everyone is here!
Let's get ready to rumble!
Eat this!
If you use the power with rage,
it answers your call.
So your priority is to control your heart.
I can't let anyone else get hurt.
What?
What should I do now?
I feel like my mind is going to explode!
Eraser Head, how should we proceed?
-All Might.
-Yes?
Let's observe for a little while.
Aizawa, what do you mean?
The fifth battle…
should proceed.
Next episode…
One For All went on a rampage.
It's too risky to use the Quirk again.
But I'm not giving up on the battle.
Shinso and Monoma
aren't going to give up either.
I must give it my all,
for my team, and to secure our victory!
Next episode, "Our Brawl!"
Remember why you took this path!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!